Create mysql_automatic_sp_privileges_enabled.md (#99)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/mysql_automatic_sp_privileges_enabled.md

# Automatic_sp_privileges configuration for MySQL

## Description

> The automatic_sp_privileges when enabled, causes automatic grants or revokes of the EXECUTE and ALTER ROUTINE privileges to the creator of a stored routine upon creation or removal of the routine. This check verifies that the automatic_sp_privileges is ON and alerts otherwise.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_automatic_sp_privileges

The [automatic_sp_privileges](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_automatic_sp_privileges), when enabled, automatically grants `EXECUTE` and `ALTER_ROUTINE` privileges to the stored procedure creator. Also, when the routine is dropped, the privileges are dropped from the creator.

Author: @kedarvj ,  pls check this one too

Reviewer 2: yeah... so I agree with the link addition for further reference.

Reviewer 2: Updated the md

> The [automatic_sp_privileges](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_automatic_sp_privileges) when enabled, causes automatic grants or revokes of the EXECUTE and ALTER ROUTINE privileges to the creator of a stored routine upon creation or removal of the routine. This check verifies that the automatic_sp_privileges is ON and alerts otherwise.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This alerts if the **automatic_sp_privileges** variable is disabled. 
When the [automatic_sp_privileges](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_automatic_sp_privileges) variable is disabled, the server can no longer grant/revoke EXECUTE and ALTER ROUTINE privileges to the creator of a stored routine. 
```

## Resolution

> Consider setting automatic_sp_privileges to 1 (ON). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Consider enabling the **automatic_sp_privileges** by setting this variable to **1**.
```
